## Notes

Equivalent to [CREATE](/#F0), except the salt allows the new contract to be deployed at a consistent, deterministic address.

Should deployment succeed, the account's [code](/about) is set to the [return data](/about) resulting from executing the initialisation code.

The destination address is calculated as follows:

    initialisation_code = memory[offset:offset+size]
    address = keccak256(0xff + sender_address + salt + keccak256(initialisation_code))[12:]

Deployment can fail due to:
- A contract already exists at the destination address.
- Insufficient value to transfer.
- Sub [context](/about) [reverted](/#FD).
- Insufficient gas to execute the initialisation code.
- Call depth limit reached.

Note that these failures only affect the return value and do not cause the calling context to revert (unlike the error cases below).

## Stack input

0. `value`: value in [wei](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/w/wei.asp) to send to the new account.
1. `offset`: byte offset in the [memory](/about) in bytes, the initialisation code of the new account.
2. `size`: byte size to copy (size of the initialisation code).
3. `salt`: 32-byte value used to create the new account at a deterministic address.

## Stack output

0. `address`: the address of the deployed contract, 0 if the deployment failed.

## Error cases

The state changes done by the current context are [reverted](#FD) in those cases:
- Not enough gas.
- Not enough values on the stack.
- The current execution context is from a [STATICCALL](/#FA).
